Visually isolated scrambles (#853)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - 4b1) Generated scramble sequences must not be inspected before the competition, and must not be filtered or selected in any way by the WCA Delegate.
    - 4b2) Scramble sequences for a group must be available only to the WCA Delegate before the start of that group, and only available to the WCA Delegate and the scramblers for the group until it is finished. Exception: For 3x3x3 Fewest Moves, competitors receive scramble sequences during the round (see [Article E](regulations:article:E)).
        - 4b2a) The designated WCA Delegate for the competition must only give access to scramble sequences for future groups to other members of the organization team if they will be temporarily unavailable (e.g. competing themselves), and should give others access to the minimum possible amount of scrambles in this case.

>         - 4b2b) The organization team must ensure that scramblers, scramble sequences, and partially/fully scrambled puzzles are visually isolated from competitors (see [Regulation A2c](regulations:regulation:A2c)). For example, the scramblers may be located behind a wall, or a sufficiently high divider (e.g. a cardboard divider placed around the sides of a table where the scramblers are seated) may be used so that competitors are not able to see puzzles as the scramblers apply scramble sequences.

Reviewer: Could move the example back into a Guideline.

>         - 4b2b) Competition organizers must ensure that scramblers, scramble sequences, and partially/fully scrambled puzzles are visually isolated from competitors (see [Regulation A2c](regulations:regulation:A2c)). For example, the scramblers may be located behind a wall, or a sufficiently high divider (e.g. a cardboard divider placed around the sides of a table where the scramblers are seated) may be used so that competitors are not able to see puzzles as the scramblers apply scramble sequences.

Author: ```suggestion
        - 4b2b) The organization team must ensure that scramblers, scramble sequences, and partially/fully scrambled puzzles are visually isolated from competitors (see [Regulation A2c](regulations:regulation:A2c)). For example, the scramblers may be located behind a wall, or a sufficiently high divider (e.g. a cardboard divider placed around the sides of a table where the scramblers are seated) may be used so that competitors are not able to see puzzles as the scramblers apply scramble sequences.
```
